Description: Under the general direction of the Clinical Operations Manager, is responsible for the supervision of pharmacist and non-pharmacist employees in Ambulatory Pharmaceutical Care Services. Ensures compliance with Federal and State laws, regulations and standards regarding the provision of pharmaceutical services and Divisional Pharmacy objectives, policies, and procedures. Assists the Clinical Operations Manager with the development and implementation of strategic initiatives. Performs other duties as required.

Essential Functions:

Supervises, recruits, hires/fires, trains and manages/improves employee performance.

Provides leadership and direction to Ambulatory Pharmaceutical Care Services personnel/staff including evaluating and coaching.

Administers all departmental policies and procedures.

Develops a team of professionals who plan and implement departmental goals and objectives.

Collaborates with the Clinical Operations Manager in meeting deadlines, participates on committees, and stands in as a representative of Ambulatory Pharmaceutical Care Services, as needed.

Assists with the development and implementation of California pharmacy strategic initiatives which are designed to enhance quality, improve member service and enhance cost effectiveness.

Works in collaboration with providers, department heads, and the Clinical Operations Manager to implement, evaluate and improve quality management programs.

Ensures high level of quality, competency, and accuracy by developing and maintaining quality assurance and competency assessment processes.

Ensures compliance with Federal and State laws, regulations and standards.

Prepares and/or approves the biweekly payroll, and monitors personnel utilization in accordance with the operating budget or workload requirements.

Proposes, develops and implements efficient innovations to improve the Ambulatory Pharmaceutical Care Services to meet the needs of KP members and physicians.

Provides ambulatory care service backup coverage as needed.

Kaiser Permanente conducts compensation reviews of positions on a routine basis. At any time, Kaiser Permanente reserves the right to reevaluate and change job descriptions, or to change such positions from salaried to hourly pay status. Such changes are generally implemented only after notice is given to affected employees.

Basic Qualifications:

Experience

Two (2) years of previous pharmacy management, supervisory and/or functional direction experience required.

Residency in Clinical Pharmacy OR two (2) years of equivalent clinical experience required.

Education

Pharm. D. OR bachelor's degree in pharmacy with at least two (2) years of relevant supervisory experience required.

License, Certification, Registration

Licensure as a pharmacist in California.

Must have a National Provider Identifier (NPI), or obtain an NPI, prior to employment start date.

Additional Requirements:

Demonstrated self-initiative and innovation, and the ability to collaborate with others.

Demonstrated ability to utilize verbal and written communication skills.

Ability to demonstrate a working knowledge of applicable state and federal pharmacy regulations.

Ability to demonstrate competency in the clinical areas of practice.

Demonstrated knowledge of outpatient pharmacy operations, including professional, legal, business and public relations aspects.

Demonstrated ability to lead and work as a member of a professional team.

Substantial travel may be required.

Must be able to work in a Labor/Management Partnership environment.

Preferred Qualifications:

N/A

Primary Location: California,Sacramento,Sacramento Arden Annex 3240 Arden Wy. Scheduled Weekly Hours: 40 Shift: Day Workdays: Sunday - Saturday based on operational need Working Hours Start: See Working Days Working Hours End: See Working Days Job Schedule: Full-time Job Type: Standard Employee Status: Regular Employee Group/Union Affiliation: Salaried, Non-Union, Exempt Job Level: Team Leader/Supervisor Job Category: Pharmacy Specialty: Management Department: Sacramento Drug Use Management 01 Travel: No

Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status.

External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.

Click here for additional requirements >