Summary/Objective.

The Porter keeps designated department area and outside vehicle lots neat and orderly, moving cars in accordance with company and manufactures' policies and assisting with inventory paperwork among other duties.

Essential Functions.

 Drives vehicles to and from showroom, exterior vehicle display areas, service department, parking garage or other storage areas to designated location as needed to maintain inventory and assist customers and other dealership employees in retrieval of vehicles.

 Ensures all required documentation is placed in vehicles, including but not limited to window stickers, manuals, promotional materials.

 Creates key tags for vehicles, organizes and maintains keys for new, used and loaner vehicles.

 Delivers keys and other materials various departments on request.

 Greets customers in a friendly and professional manner.

 Performs general cleanup of vehicles including dusting, vacuuming, wiping and rinsing.

 Keeps vehicle lot(s) neat and organized.

 Maintains cleanliness of designated department.

 Shuttles customers as needed.

 Fills vehicle with fuel.

 Operates all tools and equipment in a safe manner.

 Uses proper eye, hand, and body protection when using products that require protection.

 Understands and follows work rules and procedures.

 Follows all attendance and punctuality standards with adherences to timekeeping standards including recording time of arrival, departure and all breaks.

 Follows lawful directions from supervisors.

 Upholds the company's non-disclosure and confidentiality policies and agreements.

 Attends company meetings as required.

 Works evening, weekend and holiday work hours as required.

 Maintains a professional appearance and a neat work area in accordance with company policy.

 Other duties as assigned.

Other Duties.

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

AAP/EEO Statement.

The Company is committed to hiring a diverse and qualified workforce. We will not consider any characteristic or category protected by state or federal law in hiring or employment decisions, including but not limited to race, national origin, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, status as a parent, or genetic information.

Req Number: 1496.

Type: Full-time.

Dealership: BMW of Ontario.

Location Address: 1301 Auto Center Drive