Position Description.

The primary function of the Customer Service Associate (CSA) ProServices is to assist customers, primarily at the ProServices desk. This includes building relationships with the Pro customer, honoring the price guarantee, taking and following up on orders, following up on quotes, and arranging for product deliveries. The CSA ProServices is required to respond to customer inquiries and support them throughout their shopping experience including promoting customer loyalty plans and/or extended protection/replacement plans where appropriate.

Job Requirements.

Requires morning, afternoon and evening availability any day of the week. Physical ability to move large, bulky and/or heavy merchandise. Physical ability to perform tasks that may require prolonged standing, sitting, and other activities necessary to perform job duties.

Minimum Qualifications.

6 months experience using a computer, including inputting, accessing, modifying, or outputting information.

6 months experience using a handheld device (e.g., mobile phone, LRT gun, palm pilot, tablet, iPod) to enter, access, and output information.

6 months sales experience in building and maintenance, building and maintenance supply, construction, trades, or MRO (maintenance repair operations), identifying and selling products based on customer needs, including credit cards, installations, add-on sales, and explaining warranties, product features, and benefits.

6 months building and maintenance, building and maintenance supply, construction, trades, or MRO (maintenance repair operations) experience providing customer service, including identifying and resolving customer issues, assisting customers in locating product, greeting customers, answering phones, building relationships with customers, and thanking customers for their business.

Preferred Qualifications.

Associate's Degree in Business, Retail Management, Specialty related to department (e.g., design, appliances) or related field OR Certification in trade related to department (e.g., kitchen, plumbing, electrical, lawn and garden).

1 year retail experience identifying and selling products based on customer needs, including credit cards, installations, add-on sales, and explaining warranties, product features, and benefits.

1 year retail experience in related department (e.g., kitchen, plumbing, electrical, lawn and garden).

1 year experience in a customer service position at other home improvement, hardware retailer, or wholesale distributor in related department.

1 year experience working in any sales floor department at a Lowe's retail store.

Lowe's is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.