Rite Aid -- now Walgreen's Store #3422 3218 Atlantic Ave, Atlantic City, NJ 08401 "SUMMARY The primary purpose of this position is to provide direction and assistance in the completion of daily merchandise and operating tasks and to perform such other duties as assigned by the Store Manager and/or Assistant Store Manager. The incumbent is required to perform all tasks in a safe manner consistent with corporate policies and applicable laws. This position does not involve, hiring, firing, or disciplining associates or recommending any such action. Situations surrounding these issues should be brought to the attention of the Store Manager and/or Assistant Store Manager. RESPONSIBILITIES:  Provide superior customer service by assisting customers with their shopping needs, handling all customer transactions in a timely and courteous manner, and responding to customer complaints/concerns with a sense of urgency to see to their resolution.  Attend to merchandising of plan-o-grams within seasonal departments, end caps, displays and basic inline departments as directed by the Store Manager and/or the Assistant Store Manager.  Control inventory by performing proper receiving and stocking including accurate cycle counting, processing merchandise transfers according to procedures, and reporting inventory problems to the Store Manager and/or Assistant Store Manager.  Accountable for store cash and other financial assets, reconciling cash register drawers, preparing deposits, and ordering changes from the bank as directed by the Store Manager and/or the Assistant Store Manager.  Assist with the general maintenance and appearance of the store by ensuring a safe and pleasing environment for both customers and associates; respond to any unexpected emergencies to ensure the protection of company assets.  Oversee that store inventory is regularly inspected in accordance with the Product Freshness  Review Schedule as directed by the Store Manager and/or the Assistant Store Manager.  Ensure that all outdated product and product with less than 30 days until expiration is removed from the sales floor to be processed through the established returns process.  Manage tasks and supervise store associates in those limited circumstances when the Store Manager and/or Assistant Store Manager is unavailable. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES This position involves managing tasks and supervising store associates in those limited circumstances when the Store Manager and/or Assistant Store Manager is unavailable. This position does not involve, hiring, firing, or disciplining associates or recommending any such action, which should be brought to the attention of the Store Manager and/or Assistant Store Manager. *All duties described in this document are to be performed in keeping with the core values and service attributes consistent with the Rite Aid brand and strategy. EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE  In accordance with state law, candidates must satisfy minimum age requirements to sell and/or supervise the sale of alcohol and/or tobacco products.  Ability to pass drug test.  Committed to providing customer service that makes both internal and external customers feel welcome, important, and appreciated.  Ability to preserve confidentiality of information.  Ability and willingness to move with purpose and a strong sense of urgency.  Ability to work weekends on a regular basis.  Ability to work day or evening hours.  Accuracy and attention to detail.  Ability to organize and prioritize a variety of tasks/projects.  At least one (1) year of experience in retail, food service, restaurant or customer service industry, preferably at a supervisor level, and/or a two (2) year college degree." Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled