Description- Part Time Data Collector About Our Company RetailData, LLC delivers retail intelligence via competitive multi-channel retail pricing audits, allowing our clients to make more strategic decisions on pricing. Our accurate, timely, cost-effective, and actionable information produces a superior return on our clients' information investment. RetailData, LLC has met the requirements for our expanding client base since 1988. About the Job We are currently hiring Data Collectors across the country. This flexible position allows you to meet your personal demands while also completing fulfilling work in grocery stores, pharmacies, mass merchants and more. Data Collectors are the core of our business and, using company-provided equipment, obtain the competitive pricing information our clients rely on to make informed and effective pricing decisions. This position offers: * Competitive pay * Paid drive time and reimbursement of mileage * Flexible work schedules * Independent work * Feedback for growth and development * Quarterly Bonus opportunity based on performance * 401(k) after 750 hours and 6 months of service completed * Employee stock purchase after 1st year of employment Essential Functions * Uses handheld data collection devices to record product unique codes, accurately enter unique price(s), and appropriate attributes based on individual client collection criteria. * Downloads lists(s) required for collection based on the type of data collection equipment and audit type. * Transmits data collected on day of collection, with accurate work date, store time and drive time. * Utilizes web-based Field Portal to check work schedule and verify successful transmission(s). * Responsible for assisting on any job assigned, including but not limited to: Undirected Category checks and full books, Directed Item Lists, Lapel Checks (Undirected and Directed), CPG and PSV checks. * Responsible for the timely taking and passing of the Data Collector Certification Test(s) in order to be eligible for continued employment and bonuses. Qualifications The successful candidate will be a self-starter who likes to work independently and enjoys a challenge. Prior experience in grocery, retail, merchandising, inventory, undercover price checks or gathering specific information where your identity and purpose is generally unknown to the retailer is highly desirable. A high school diploma or equivalent is required. Valid unsuspended driver's license, satisfactory driving record, reliable transportation and valid automobile insurance required. Must be able to work 15-20 hours per week. Must be able to work lapel/undercover. Must be able to work Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Data Collectors must be able to bend, kneel, reach, stretch, squat and stand on your feet for long periods of time. Must be able to lift up to 40 pounds and must be able to work in the dairy and freezer sections of stores. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veteran/Disabled Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled