Earn money shopping, giving customers more time to do what they love. * Be Independent Schedule work around your own life. * Have Fun Spend time shopping, exploring new things and being active. * Earn extra income Get paid weekly. Work Sundays to maximize your hours and pay. IN-STORE SHOPPING (NO CAR REQUIRED) WHY SHOP WITH INSTACART? In-Store Shoppers are part-time employees who focus on ensuring our customers' grocery orders are complete and of the highest quality. They are based locally at a designated Instacart store location and spend their complete shift grocery shopping using Instacart's InstaShopper application on a compatible Smartphone. * Flexible hours - set your own availability * Money is deposited into your bank account every week * Work on a team to fulfill orders for customers WHAT YOU NEED TO GET STARTED: * 18+ years old * Eligible to work in the US * Consistent access to a recent smartphone (iPhone 4S or above or Android 4.0+) * Ability to lift 30-40 lbs. with or without assistance MORE INFORMATION If you have previous experience in the grocery industry (such as a personal shopper, cashier, stocker, customer service representative, store manager, merchandiser, produce buyer, butcher, baker, deli clerk, barista, kitchen manager, chef), you might want to consider shopping with Instacart and earn great money. We also welcome applicants from other industries and backgrounds, such as ridesharing or driving networks like Lyft, Uber Eats, or Postmates. Shopping with Instacart is great for anyone looking for flexible, seasonal, work from home, entry level, weekend, weekday, after school, temporary, or any type of part-time opportunities. Instacart is committed to diversity in its workforce. Instacart is an equal employment opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants without regard to gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, veteran or disability status. For all individuals applying to work in SF, we will consider qualified applicants in a manner consistent with the requirements of the SF Fair Chance Ordinance. Apply in under 5 minutes! Attend an in-person session and start work within one week!