Rite Aid - now Walgreens Store #3713 SUMMARY The primary purpose of this position is to provide excellent customer service to people shopping in Rite Aid stores. The incumbent is required to perform all tasks in a safe manner consistent with corporate policies and state and federal laws. RESPONSIBILITIES:  Provide excellent customer service by assisting customers with their shopping needs, answering customer inquiries, and resolving customer complaints.  Complete customer transactions on the cash register.  Reconcile cash register drawers at the end of the shift.  Ensure the appearance of the store is pleasing to the customer and meets the requirements of the corporate office, including all housekeeping tasks.  Stock store shelves and end-caps with merchandise when it is delivered to the store.  Ensure the proper identification is produced when selling alcohol, tobacco, and lottery tickets, if applicable.  Assist with the operation of the One-hour Photo department, if applicable.  Build displays of merchandise and complete new plan-o-grams sent from the corporate offices.  Complete inventory counts and order merchandise based on the results.  Put up signs that identify items on sale in weekly advertisements and take down this signage when the sale is over.  Assist with price markdowns and changes for merchandise on the shelves. *All duties described in this document are to be performed in keeping with the core values and service attributes consistent with the Rite Aid brand and strategy. Education and/or Experience  Ability to pass drug test.  Committed to providing customer service that makes both internal and external customers feel welcome, important, and appreciated.  Ability to preserve confidentiality of information.  Ability and willingness to move with purpose and a strong sense of urgency.  Ability to work weekends on a regular basis.  Ability to work day, evening, or night shift(s).  Accuracy and attention to detail.  Ability to organize and prioritize a variety of tasks/projects.  No prior experience or training is required. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled