The Retail Merchandiser is a part-time position that performs service work in the Hallmark department of various retail stores such as grocery stores, drug stores, department stores and mass retailers. The RM is also responsible for building and maintaining relationships with store management. Retail Merchandisers have a set geographic territory and group of assigned stores they will service regularly. These positions do not service Hallmark Card Shops. If you take pride in making a department your own, this is a great opportunity for you.

To view the Retail Merchandiser Career Profile video: Click Here.

Hallmark makes the world a more caring place by helping people laugh, love, heal, say thanks, reach out, and make meaningful connections with others. Become a part of our field merchandising team and help bring our products to life in some of the top stores in the country. Hallmark provides paid training, paid travel time, mileage reimbursement and access to a variety of corporate discounts. Employees are also eligible for insurance coverage, including dental, vision and supplemental health/preventive care plans.

There are three major components of this PART-TIME position:.

1) Day to Day Service:  .
Product merchandising: You will handle all aspects of product merchandising within your assigned stores. You will use a Hallmark-issued, hand-held mobile device to replenish, straighten and track inventory of Hallmark products. This could include products placed inside the Hallmark department or within other areas of the store.  .

Store employee and customer interaction: You must interact in a professional manner with store employees, store management and customers while in the store.

Schedule: Your Territory Supervisor will clarify your specific schedule. Work is typically scheduled Monday through Friday during the day and hours will increase during holiday periods.

2) Holiday Support:  .
Hallmark's business is season driven. Your scheduled days and hours will increase the week before and after the following holidays - Valentine's Day, Easter, Mother's Day, Father's Day, Halloween, Thanksgiving and Christmas.  .
You may be required to work on the actual holiday for Valentine's Day, Mother's Day and Father's Day.

3) Department Remodels and Resets:  .
Occasionally, you may be required to be a part of an installation team and work on activities to include, but not limited to, building Hallmark fixtures, moving card departments, installing fixtures and product and remodeling card departments.  .
Typically you will receive at least a 2-week notice for remodel/reset work.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS  .
This is a physically demanding job that requires a high level of energy and a sense of urgency. You will be working on the selling floor as well as in back stockrooms. You must be able to consistently push, pull, lift, and carry cartons, merchandise and display fixtures up to 30 pounds throughout the work day and up to 50 pounds on occasion. You will also be required to stoop, squat, walk, and stand throughout your work day, and you may be required to climb stairs and step ladders.

REQUIREMENTS  .
Access to a Wi-Fi network and the internet.  .
Able to operate hand-held technology provided to open and read documents and interpret information.   .
Flexibility to work a changing work schedule that may include an occasional evening or weekend.  .
Reliable transportation to report to assigned locations as scheduled.  .
Eligible to work in the United States  .
Able to read, understand and communicate in English  .
At least 18 years of age  .
High School Diploma/GED or equivalent   .
May be required to work the week before and the week after major holidays.

Position Specifics.

* You will be providing support to various retail stores within 8 miles of 07052.  .
* This territory will be located in West Orange, NJ and will cover The Oranges.