Summary/Objective.

The New and Used Car Salesperson is directly responsible for selling new and used vehicles at dealership gross profit, volume and customer satisfaction standards.

Essential Functions.

 Approaches, greets, and offers assistance to any customer who enters the dealership showroom or sales lot.

 Assists customers in selecting a vehicle by asking questions and listening carefully to their responses and delivers a minimum number of vehicles per month.

 Writes complete sales orders and processes paperwork in accordance with dealership policies.

 Maintains owner follow-up system that encourages repeat business and contributes to customer satisfaction.

 Maintains a prospect development system.

 Conducts business in an ethical and professional manner.

 Describes all optional equipment available for customer purchase and fully explains product performance, application, and benefits to prospects.

 Follows dealership procedure to obtain proper identification from customer prior to test drive.

 Follows dealership sales process as directed by Sales Management. Demonstrate new vehicles. Offer test drives to all prospects; obtain proper identification from customer prior to test drive; follows test drive route.

 Exhibits high level of commitment to customer satisfaction.

 Establishes personal income goals that are consistent with dealership standards of productivity, and devises a strategy to meet those goals.

 Keeps abreast of new products, features, accessories, etc., and their benefits to customers.

 Knows and understands equity and values, and is able to explain depreciation to the customer.

 Ensures the sales manager has an opportunity to meet each customer.

 Turns 100 percent of closed deals to finance and insurance manager, along with properly completed paperwork (insurance information, trade title, etc.).

 Prepares sold vehicles for customer delivery prior to customer arrival.

 Delivers vehicles to customers, ensuring that each customer understands the vehicle's operating features, warranty, and paperwork.

 Introduces customers to service department personnel to emphasize the quality and efficiency of service repairs and maintenance available in the dealership's service department.

 Schedules first service appointment.

 Follows up on all post-delivery items, tag/title work, "we-owes," and special requests to be sure all customer expectations are met.

 Reviews and analyzes actions at the end of each day, week, month, and year to determine how to better utilize time and plans more effectively.

 Attends company meetings as required.

 Maintains a professional business appearance as determined by dealership management in accordance with company policies.

 Knows and understands the federal, state and local requirements which govern the company's business.

 Coordinates with the sales manager to set and meet new and used sales quotas. Meets the profit margin goals.

 Greets customers promptly and is polite and friendly.

 Consistently follows the outlined sales process.

 Utilizes floor time effectively in meeting the customers' needs and soliciting sales.

 Performs pre-delivery inspection and road test before delivery to customer.

 Delivers vehicles to customers after purchase. This process ensures that the customer understands the vehicle's operating features, warranty and paperwork, and it lays the foundation for customer loyalty.

 Utilizes the delivery of any new or used vehicle to create an event that will facilitate customer loyalty to the dealership and understands equity and values, and able to explain depreciation to customer.

 Conducts telephone transactions courteously and promptly.

 Utilizes a consistent quotation process for purchases, trade-ins, and vehicle sales.

 Utilizes dealership sales control (confirm CRM/DSM) system.

 Has ability to communicate effectively with new car buyers/customers and according to their preferred method of communication, whether by phone, by email, or in person and able to train other subordinates to do the same.

 Has thorough knowledge of all dealership products and services and can convey this information to subordinates and customers.

 Directs customers to product information resources, including those available on the Internet.

 Maintains an ongoing customer database to capture repeat business.

 Attends product and sales training courses as determined by sales management and manufacturer.

 Maintains required dealership certifications.

 Sells/Leases and delivers new and used vehicles.

 Adheres to all Safeguarding, Red Flag, and 8300 procedures and policies.

 Exhibits a high level of commitment to customer satisfaction. Maintains a minimum customer satisfaction standard equal to or above the manufacturer expected average.

 Moves and arranges display vehicles on showroom and on lot as directed by management.

 Deals with customer complaints in a sensible manner by showing empathy and a pleasant attitude.

 Understands the federal, state, and local laws that govern retail automobile sales and ensures that new car sales programs are in compliance.

 Maintains reporting systems required by general management and the manufacturer.

 Ensures that the work areas and customer waiting area are kept clean.

 Follows all attendance and punctuality standards with adherences to timekeeping standards.

 Follows the Code of Business Ethics and Conduct.

 Understands and follow all work rules and procedures and follows lawful directions from Supervisors.

 Upholds the company's non-disclosure and confidentiality policies and agreements.

 Maintains a professional appearance for self and subordinates in accordance with company policy.

 Attends pertinent training on request.

 Assists with organizing and attends special events held at dealership or in the community.

 Attends company meetings as required.

 Other duties as assigned.

Other Duties.

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

EEO Statement.

The Company is committed to hiring a diverse and qualified workforce. We will not consider any characteristic or category protected by state or federal law in hiring or employment decisions, including but not limited to race, national origin, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, status as a parent, or genetic information.

Req Number: 4685.

Type: Full-time.

Dealership: Audi Warwick.

Location Address: 1517-D Bald Hill Road