Job Description What is a Store Manager?.

A Store Manager must be committed to inspiring our team, helping our customers succeed and growing our business with integrity. Professional level sales and management position capable of supporting functions on both sides of the business. The role requires understanding of store systems, automotive systems, parts knowledge and has the ability to identify, trouble shoot and project assist for DIY. Responsible for developing and maintaining commercial customer relationships and program growth. Is accountable for achieving financial metrics and maintaining service and appearance standards. Position is exempt and requires a minimum of 50 hours a week.

Primary Responsibilities.

 Achieve overall store sales goals and service objectives.
 Manage and grow commercial customer relationships/sales, including building and holding team accountable to executing customer action plans.
 Selection, hiring, development, performance mgmt., coaching, scheduling and engagement of store team members.
 Ensure execution of all inventory and operational standards.
 Coach all team members to deliver on customer expectations (DIY and Commercial).
 Manager on duty responsibilities (touch base/coaching, floor/phone mgmt., task assignment and completion, safety, open/close duties).
 Ability to lead change management.
 Embrace diversity and foster a respectful environment for both customers and team members.
 Secondary Responsibilities.
 Provide DIY service including battery installation, testing, wiper install, etc.
 Assist district/region in other functions upon request.

Success Factors.

 Friendly communication.
 Ability to locate and stock parts.
 Safety knowledge and skills.
 Ability to become ASE P2 certified or ASE ready equivalent.
 Ability to execute and train project and product quality recommendations.
 Advanced parts lookup and sourcing.
 Ability to source from numerous places including special order, FDO, second source, etc.
 Ability to execute and train all store operational processes and procedures, and testing and diagnostic equipment for DIY services.
 Ability to execute and train inventory systems and store equipment.
 Ability to execute and train POS and Parts lookup systems.
 Ability to review and analyze P&L statement.
 Ability to recruit, select, hire and develop quality team members.
 Ability to build and grow relationships with commercial customers.

Essential Job Skills Necessary for Success as a General Manager.

 Working knowledge of automotive systems preferred.
 Speak and write English (Spanish a plus); communicate effectively and build strong relationships with customers, peers and upper management.
 Use Microsoft software effectively (Word, Excel required - PowerPoint preferred).
 Calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, percentages, sales increases, and gross profit percent.
 Ability to review and analyze business reports, such as profit and loss statement (P&L).
 Hold others accountable, inspect work quality and give feedback in a way that is inspiring.
 Ability to work an assortment of days, evenings, and weekends as needed.

Prior Experience that Sets a General Manager up for Success.

 2-3 years of experience managing a team of 10 - 20 Team Members in a fast-paced and highly dynamic retail environment.
 Successful experience managing profitability; proven financial and business acumen.

Education.

High school diploma or general education degree (GED), Bachelor's degree in business or a related area preferred.

Certificates, Licenses, Registrations.

 Must have a valid driver's license.
 ASE certification preferred, but not required.

Physical Demands.

The physical demands and work environment described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job, with or without reasonable accommodation. While performing the duties of this job, the employee will predominantly be walking or standing. The employee is required to be able to talk and hear, and use hands and fingers to handle or feel; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 50 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.

Work Environment.

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job, with or without reasonable accommodation. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is usually working inside; however, they will occasionally be outside and exposed to various weather conditions while performing such tasks as installing batteries and wiper blades. The employee is also occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts; high, precarious places; toxic or caustic chemicals; risk of electrical shock; explosives; and vibration. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

Job Requirements We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.