POSITION PROFILE.

Provides operations functions in one or all of the following areas: operates high volume duplicating equipment, performs associated copying tasks, ships and receives product and supplies, sorts, distributes and handles incoming and outgoing mail/faxes, as well as applies necessary postage. Provides copier maintenance and/or repair of customer site equipment. May also perform bindery, QC and final check, housekeeping, file services, call center representative, and reception, etc. May performs various building support functions related to meeting set ups and light maintenance. Note: Due to the higher level of presentation and telephone skills needed to perform receptionist duties, employees performing this function are considered to be Senior On-Site Services Specialist. This position reports directly to the Site Manager, Site Supervisor or Assistant Site Manager, depending on site personnel configuration.

JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES.

 Runs high volume copy machines and performs binding and finishing work.
 Ensures convenience copiers are working properly, checking for quality via daily inspections. Clears paper jams and informs technicians of specific problems.
 Performs all repair service on customer copier equipment.
 Maintains records for management reports and inventories of supplies needed.
 Distributes office supplies, fax transmissions and mail to company personnel and/or designated drop-off points as required.
 Calculates charges for jobs performed and maintains some billing logs.
 Responds to and coordinates all service calls required by customer.
 May perform filing duties in conjunction with specific customer requests.
 Delivers completed jobs to pre-determined customer locations within and outside of the site.
 Maintains daily meter and service logs.
 May travel between customer's buildings.
 Answers customer questions regarding status or feasibility of job requests.
 Ensures upkeep of convenience copier areas by keeping neat and well stocked.
 Performs duties related to the shipping of materials.
 Performs duties related to the receiving of materials.
 May perform meeting room and conference room set ups.
 May perform building occupant moves within assigned facilities.
 May perform re-lamping and light maintenance duties as assigned.
 May perform occasional cleaning duties as needed.
 May require periodic overtime on nights and weekends, including off-hour emergency response.
 Uses shrink-wrap machine, paper cutter, hole driller, bindery equipment, jogger, tape machine, stackers, electric stapler and scales in completion of various jobs contracted.
 Uses all copier equipment, calculator, fax machine, postage meter and some PC.
 Performs filing duties, which may include 'purging' and archiving old documents.
 Performs other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Experience, and Certifications).

 Requires high school diploma or GED and1-2 years of related work experience.
 Some related copy job experience is preferred.
 May require valid driver's license and minimum levels of auto insurance coverage per Ricoh.

Ricoh is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer -- Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled.