Senior Quality Engineer.

PURPOSE OF ROLE:.

The primary purpose of this role is to execute tasks relating to product quality improvement projects and investigations. This includes responsibility for utilizing and interfacing with cross-functional departments internal to Lowe's, Lowe's vendors, nationally recognized testing laboratories, and industry groups.

RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS:.

 Drives customer return reductions and customer experience product improvement projects in focus areas strategic to Lowe ' s business based on: quality/customer satisfaction metrics, insights from key stakeholders, and product category initiatives. Projects include corrective actions to address existing items, new item testing, coordinating the development of category specifications, and the implementation of category testing programs.
 Provides category specific quality assurance support to assist with product line reviews, product quality investigations and product testing needs. Drives corrective and preventive actions to ensure customer satisfaction.
 Collaborates directly with other teams within Lowe ' s Enterprise (Allied Business Unit) Quality Assurance, Vendors, Merchandising, Lowe ' s Global Sourcing, and other cross-functional groups in order to complete tasks and drive product quality improvements.
 Driver of process improvement and effectiveness of overall process and systems utilized to manage product quality at Lowe ' s.
 Strong influencing and communication skills to build alignment between stakeholders. Monitors and communicates to quality management and related stakeholders on all progress and conformance with established measures of success and business objectives.
 Prepares written technical and verbal reports to management and cross functional teams as required.

REQUIRED EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:.

Bachelor's Degree:.

 Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts in Engineering or other technical sciences and related fields.
 5+ years of experience as a Quality Engineer or related in a manufacturing or retail environment.
 Strong understanding of quality tools such as Root Cause Analysis, APQP, DMAIC, knowledgeable in ISO9001 and/or TS16949 requirements.

PREFERED:.

 Success working with multifunctional teams and having excellent interpersonal, communication, influencing, and project management skills.
 Strong organization skills and self-motivation for excellence.
 American Society for Quality Certified Quality Engineer.
 Certified Six Sigma Black Belt or Lean/Six Sigma Black Belt.
 Retail Operations experience.

Lowe's Companies, Inc.

Lowe's Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving more than 18 million customers a week in the United States, Canada and Mexico. With fiscal year 2017 sales of $68.6 billion, Lowe's and its related businesses operate or service more than 2,390 home improvement and hardware stores and employ over 310,000 people. Founded in 1946 and based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe's supports the communities it serves through programs that focus on K-12 public education and community improvement projects. For more information, visit Lowes.com.

Lowe's is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.