Job Summary.

Responsible for gathering relevant, factual information and data in order to solve quality related problems. Resolve issues by identifying and applying solutions from acquired technical experience and guided precedents. Plan and lead projects by identifying and organizing activities into time dependent sequencing with realistic timelines. Work effectively/ productively with all departments by developing a team atmosphere. Responsible for assuring products conform to established requirements and standards through appropriate audit, inspection, and test activities. Interacts with many different functional departments, suppliers, and experts outside Zimmer to implement Zimmer Biomet Quality goals.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities.

Formulates procedures, specifications, and standards for Zimmer Biomet products and processes.   .
Provides leadership for quality engineering projects from concept through design, implementation, testing, documentation, support, and maintenance.   .
Develops and implements corrective/preventative action plans   .
Collects and analyzes data for gauge and product evaluation.   .
Identifies critical personnel, gauges, procedures, and materials needed for the completion of new products.   .
Ensures that suppliers have necessary information and facilities to deliver quality products to Zimmer Biomet.

Expected Areas of Competence.

 Ability to work within a team environment and build relationships outside of the department as well as outside the company (suppliers, regulatory agencies, etc.).   .
 Facilitates team efforts on quality engineering projects.   .
 Ability to deliver, meet deadlines and have results orientation.   .
 Able to communicate both orally and in written form to multiple levels of the company.   .
 Microsoft Office Suite, expert knowledge of blueprint reading and geometric dimensioning and tolerancing, understanding of QSR/ISO regulations, design assurance, FMEA, and product testing methods, and are able to use optical comparators and CMMs.   .
 Knowledge of statistics, process control, and process capability.

Education/Experience Requirements.

 B.S. in engineering or an alternative Bachelor's degree program with certification as a quality engineer (e.g. CQE) plus 3-5 years experience in a Quality Engineering role, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Experience with test method validation is preferred. .

Travel Requirements.

 Up to 20%.

Additional Information.

EOE M/W/Vet/Disability