Summary/Objective.

The Lube Technician diagnoses and performs quality light mechanical services on customer and inventory vehicles with efficiency and accuracy in accordance with dealership and manufacturer/factory standards.

Essential Functions.

 Performs vehicle inspections, troubleshooting and testing for light mechanical services to determine required or recommended repairs as required and in accordance with company policy.

 Diagnoses malfunctions and performs the necessary repairs, including not limited to; replacing parts and components as required.

 Performs tire services including but not limited to rotate, replace, mount and balance.

 Performs preventative maintenance including but not limited to lubrication, fluid replacements, coolant services, oil change, filter service and brake adjustments.

 Examines assigned vehicle to determine if further safety or service work is required or recommended.

 Verifies vehicle serviceability and ensure quality repairs the first time by conducting test drives; adjusting controls and systems as required.

 Ensures customer vehicles are kept clean during repair process.

 Contains costs by using warranty.

 Evaluates service and parts options for repairs as required.

 Communicates with supervisor, team leader or service advisor and/or dispatcher if additional work is needed.

 Aids service writer as needed to write work orders, conduct test rides, interact with the customer, to guarantee customer satisfaction.

 Keeps supplies ready by inventorying stock; placing orders; verifying receipt of parts and supplies.

 Maintains a clean, efficient work area and assist in keeping the shop neat and organized.

 Documents all work performed and recommended on the repair order in accordance with operating procedures.

 Understands the terminology of the automobile industry and keeps abreast of industry technology changes.

 Follows all attendance and punctuality standards with adherences to timekeeping standards.

 Follows the Company Code of Business Ethics and Conduct.

 Understands and follow all work rules and procedures and follows lawful directions from Supervisors.

 Upholds the company's non-disclosure and confidentiality policies and agreements.

 Maintains a professional appearance in accordance with company policy.

 Attends pertinent training on request.

 Attends company meetings as required.

 Other duties as assigned.

Other Duties.

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

EEO Statement.

The Company is committed to hiring a diverse and qualified workforce. We will not consider any characteristic or category protected by state or federal law in hiring or employment decisions, including but not limited to race, national origin, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, age, status as a parent, or genetic information.

Req Number: 4766.

Type: Full-time.

Dealership: Honda Mall of Georgia.

Location Address: 3699 Buford Drive