- We have an opening for a full-time COOK, GRILL position.
 Location: 505 Boices Lane, Kingston, NY 12401. Note: online applications accepted only.
 Schedule: F/T Schedule: 7am - 2:30pm. .
 Requirement: Previous food service experience is required. .

If you have a positive attitude and a love for learning, you may be interested in joining our team.

Eurest is recognized worldwide for standards of service and excellence within the foodservice industry. Embracing an ownership mindset, Eurest leverages global resources, promotes a local presence and enriches the communities we serve. The Eurest Promise, "connect with people, inspire through food, create solutions, and live our promise," is exemplified throughout our organization. Eurest is proud to serve the world's most respected successful corporations, including many of the Fortune 500.

Full time associates at Eurest are offered many fantastic benefits such as:.

 Medical.
 Dental.
 Vision.
 Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs).
 Commuter Benefits.
 Wellness Program.
 Employee Assistance Program.
 Life Insurance for Associates and Eligible Dependents.
 Short Term Disability (STD) and Long Term Disability (LTD).
 Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D) Insurance.
 Discount Marketplace.
 And other voluntary benefits.

Job Summary.

Summary:  Prepares food and serves customers at the grill station in accordance with current applicable federal, state and corporate standards, guidelines and regulations to ensure high-quality food service is provided.    .

Essential Duties and Responsibilities: .

 Takes orders from customer and prepares items requiring short preparation. Completes orders from steam tables and serves customers at multiple stations. .
 Serves customers in an efficient, friendly manner following established steps of service meeting outlined standards. Ensures food is at the correct temperature and is attractive and tasty. Tastes all prepared food items. .
 Uses established ticket-collection procedures during service. Responsible for records from area worked during service periods. .
 Uses approved recipes and production standards to ensure proper quality, serving temperatures and standard portion control. .
 Carries pans, kettles and trays of food to and from workstations, stove and refrigerator in accordance with established safety standards. .
 Stores foods in designated areas following standard wrapping, dating and food safety and rotation procedures. .
 Cleans, sanitizes and maintains all assigned work areas, equipment and utensils to ensure sanitation standards are met. .
 Resolves customer concerns and reports relevant information and concerns to supervisor. .
 Attends in-service and safety meetings. .
 Maintains good working relationships with coworkers, customers, administrators and managers. .
 Performs job safely while maintaining a clean, safe work environment. .
 Performs other duties as assigned. .

About Compass Group: Achieving leadership in the foodservice industry  .

Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law.

Qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation. Disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the Company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity. *Los Angeles applicants: Compass Group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box ordinance).

Req ID: 172156.

Hourly