Position Description.

Serves as the store expert in the Flooring department by providing detailed product information to both customers and peers, promoting and recommending products, plans, or installation services that match customer needs, informing customers on pricing, options or status on pending orders. Includes generating leads, conducting sales activities, building relationships with customers, keeping shelves stocked and correctly displayed, and coordinating successful completion of projects and orders. This includes performing order management duties such as entering new orders for customers, reaching out to vendors on special orders, tracking and fulfilling orders, and resolving issues.

Job Requirements.

Requires morning, afternoon, and evening availability any day of the week. Physical ability to move large, bulky and/or heavy merchandise. Physical ability to perform tasks that may require prolonged standing, sitting, and other activities necessary to perform job duties.

Minimum Qualifications.

High school diploma or equivalent.

1 year external experience in customer facing sales OR 6 months Lowe's retail experience.

Preferred Qualifications.

1 year experience entering and submitting customer sales orders, including Special Order.

2 years experience identifying and selling products based upon customer needs or plans.

2 years experience in providing customer service including identifying and resolving customer complaints, greeting customers, answering phones, building relationships with customers, and thanking customers for their business.

2 years experience following up on outstanding or incomplete customer orders, sales, or installs.

1 year experience promoting product related services and plans such as installation, delivery, credit financing, or extended protection plans.

2 years experience in a sales environment with required sales goals or metrics.

1 year employment with Lowe's as a Sales Specialist.

2 years experience in a trade directly related to Flooring OR 2 years experience selling flooring.

Lowe's is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, genetics or any other category protected under applicable law.