Responsibilities

We are a fast growing team of vibrant and passionate people focused on creating raving fans of GolfNow. By solving problems and uniting golfers with their passion, our team is redefining golfer care on a grand scale. Think you have what it takes to create GolfNow raving fans and change the world? Are you a golf fanatic? If you answered 'yes', then we have the perfect culture for you. With over 3 million unique golfers booking through GolfNow every year, our Golfer Care Team is the face of our company to our fellow golfers all over the world. As a GolfNow Golfer Care Representative, you will deliver extraordinary service with a personal connection to every single golfer you touch. From the traveling golfer looking to book a tee time next month, to the less technologically savvy golfer trying to book a single for this afternoon, it is the role of the Golfer Care Specialist to create raving fans by providing exemplary service. If you have a desire to help others to go along with your love for golf, this is the job for you.

Job Duties

Provide Golfer Care that leads to unparalleled, personalized service through all possible channels (phone, email, web, mobile)

Deliver our "why" and commit to the growth of our great service

Enthusiastic and willing to be pro-active, think on your feet, and solve problems efficiently and effectively

Consistently, over-deliver for our golfers while creating 'wow' moments for them!

Passionate about understanding our golfers' needs and transforming insight into awesome experiences

Maintain a high energy, engaging, servant culture

Participate in efficient daily workflow processes through the use of operational metrics to gauge performance and ensure timely service

Participate in a quality program to certify that a high level of accuracy and Golfer Care are consistently being delivered, utilizing NPS as the primary driving metric

Qualifications/Requirements

Basic Qualifications

Tech and golf savvy, ability to communicate enthusiastically with industry specific terminology

Knowledge of golf and tee times distribution preferred

Familiarity with SalesForce.com strongly desired

Strong team player

High energy and engaging personality with the ability to convey patience, and calm in stressful situations

Able to be self-motivated by a fast-paced working environment

Additional Job Requirements

Interested candidate must submit a resume/CV through www.nbcunicareers.com to be considered (note job #: )

Must be willing to work in Location Name

Willingness to travel and work overtime, and on weekends with short notice (if applicable)

Must have a valid driver's license (if applicable)

Must be "on call" 24 hours a day / 7 days a week (if applicable)

Must be fluent in Spanish (speak, read & write) (if applicable)

Must be able to provide a reel/portfolio of work examples -- if available, include a web address when you submit your resume (if applicable)