Description: Assists in examination and treatment of patients under the direction of the Physician and/or designee.

Essential Functions:

Interviews patients, measures vital signs, and other pertinent information as required by department.

Records information in patients' medical record.

Prepares treatment rooms and patients for examination.

Assists clinician with care of the patient.

Handles inventories and orders and replenishes medical supplies and materials.

Gives treatments and performs routine laboratory tests as required by department.

Schedules appointments, performs clinical tasks and completes appropriate forms as required by department.

May be responsible for administering medications, including injections.

May be responsible for cleaning, processing, sterilizing and checking instruments.

Performs data entry.

Performs clinical/technical skills specific to the department.

Performs other related duties as necessary.

Customer Service: Practices customer service standards as defined by the Medical Center and specified department.

Anticipates the customer's needs, takes proactive steps to meet those needs, by listening and taking responsibility within scope to ensure issues are resolved.

Promptly responds to alarms and patient requests.

Facilitates the customer's ability to utilize resources.

Assures a clean, orderly, and functional work environment.

Team Commitment: Is an effective team member who is flexible, cooperative, and willing to assist others.

Manages difficult or conflict situations constructively and seeks appropriate assistance.

Takes accountability for own actions.

Acts as a resource and mentor to new employees, students, and other team members.

Actively participates in departmental professional development activities.

Adheres to Attendance Policy.

Supports a collaborative labor-management partnership environment.

No supervisory responsibilities.

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum six (6) months of experience or successful completion of Kaiser Externship.

High School Diploma or GED.

Completion of a course of study consistent with the requirements for Medical Assistants as specified by the Medical Board of California.

BLS certification.

Medical Terminology Certificate or equivalent experience.

Ability to use personal computer.

Ability to read, writes, and comprehends medical information.

Ability to effectively present information, both verbal and written.

Must be willing to work in a Labor Management Partnership environment.

Refer to Position Specifications outlined in the appropriate collective bargaining agreement.

Primary Location: California,Fremont,Fremont Niles West Medical Offices 39400 Paseo Pad Scheduled Weekly Hours: 0 Shift: Day Workdays: On-Call Working Hours Start: On-Call Working Hours End: On-Call Job Schedule: Call-in/On-Call Job Type: Standard Employee Status: Regular Employee Group/Union Affiliation: United Healthcare Workers - West Job Level: Entry Level Job Category: Patient Care Services (Non RN) Department: Medical Office Support Services Travel: No

Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status.

External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.

Click here for additional requirements >